Module 4

Webpage Deployed link: https://andrev96.github.io/04_Code_Quiz_AVL/

GitHub Repository Link: https://github.com/AndreV96/04_Code_Quiz_AVL.git

The purpose of the functionality of this webpage is for the user to be able to start a quiz with predifined questions regarding web developing tools. The user will be presented with a question and 4 possible answers, he must choose an answer. Once he chooses an option a message will be displayed telling if he got it correct or wrong and the next question will appaer. This until he answers all question or the time runs, then he will be presented with his score and an input so he can save his highscore and then he will go to the highscores page that displays all the highscores stored in the local storage. At the highscore screen he will be able to clear all highscores (elminanting them from the HTMl and the local storage) and also he will be able to go back and start the quiz again. At all times there is a highscore link in the superior left corner so he can check all the highscores without the need of completing a new quiz. On the other hand, when the user is answering the quiz there is a timer on the superior right corner of the screen showing how much time he has left. For each incorrect answer chosen the timer substracts 15 seconds, if the timer reaches 0, then the user is presented with the gameover screen and his score. He can all see at the top of the page his current score when answering the questions. 

The purpose of this repository is to practice all the skills learned in module 4: Web-APIS. This webpage uses local storage, for loops, event listeners and event delegations, and many other methods and tools learned in previous modules. This webpage was really a challenge for me and it took a lot of time for me to finnish it. I am really thankful for this project because I was able to practice a lot of what I've earned through the entire bootcamp. There were a lot of concepts (like event delegations) that I wasn't able to put in practice succesfuly before doing this project, but now I am confiden in my ability to use these concepts for future projects. 

Screenshots of the working page can be found in the repository folder.